Hey yall the zookeeper is waking the animals
------ The zookeeper is waking the animals up! ------
Carla the cat has woken up!
Charlie the cat has woken up!
Leonard the lion has woken up!
Leah the lion has woken up!
Tammy the tiger has woken up!
Tyler the tiger has woken up!
Darius the dog has woken up!
Darla the dog has woken up!
Wendy the wolf has woken up!
Willis the wolf has woken up!
Henry the hippo has woken up!
Hillary the hippo has woken up!
Remy the rhino has woken up!
Rachel the rhino has woken up!
Eloise the elephant has woken up!
Elbert the elephant has woken up!
Yo the zookeeper is making the animals yell
------ The zookeeper is giving a roll call! ------
Carla the cat is meowing!
Charlie the cat is meowing!
Leonard the lion is roaring!
Leah the lion is roaring!
Tammy the tiger is roaring!
Tyler the tiger is roaring!
Darius the dog is barking!
Darla the dog is barking!
Wendy the wolf is howling!
Willis the wolf is howling!
Henry the hippo is trumpeting!
Hillary the hippo is trumpeting!
Remy the rhino is trumpeting!
Rachel the rhino is trumpeting!
Eloise the elephant is trumpeting!
Elbert the elephant is trumpeting!
The zookeeper is now feeding the animals
------ The zookeeper is feeding the animals! ------
Carla the cat is eating!
Charlie the cat is eating!
Leonard the lion tried to eat the Zookeeper!
Leah the lion is eating!
Tammy the tiger is eating!
Tyler the tiger is eating!
Darius the dog is lapping up their food!
Darla the dog is lapping up their food!
Wendy the wolf is scarfing their food!
Willis the wolf is scarfing their food!
Henry the hippo is slurping their food!
Hillary the hippo is slurping their food!
Remy the rhino is slurping their food!
Rachel the rhino is slurping their food!
Eloise the elephant is slurping their food!
Elbert the elephant is slurping their food!
The zookeeper is playing with all the animals come watch
------ The zookeeper is playing with the animals! ------
Carla the cat trying to cuddle!
Charlie the cat trying to cuddle!
Leonard the lion is prowling!
Leah the lion is prowling!
Tammy the tiger is prowling!
Tyler the tiger is prowling!
Darius the dog is running around and wagging their tail!
Darla the dog is running around and wagging their tail!
Wendy the wolf is roaming around!
Willis the wolf is roaming around!
Henry the hippo is sniffing around!
Hillary the hippo is sniffing around!
Remy the rhino is sniffing around!
Rachel the rhino is sniffing around!
Eloise the elephant is sniffing around!
Elbert the elephant is sniffing around!
Its time for you to leave goodbye
------ The zookeeper is putting the animals to sleep. ------
Carla the cat has gone to sleep!
Charlie the cat has gone to sleep!
Leonard the lion has gone to sleep!
Leah the lion has gone to sleep!
Tammy the tiger has gone to sleep!
Tyler the tiger has gone to sleep!
Darius the dog has gone to sleep!
Darla the dog has gone to sleep!
Wendy the wolf has gone to sleep!
Willis the wolf has gone to sleep!
Henry the hippo has gone to sleep!
Hillary the hippo has gone to sleep!
Remy the rhino has gone to sleep!
Rachel the rhino has gone to sleep!
Eloise the elephant has gone to sleep!
Elbert the elephant has gone to sleep!